I want to make sure what you implemented matches my expectations. Below is what i expected to be the deployed system, and i would like for you to alert me of the areas that are different and why they are different, and missing and extra areas.

I have attached a system architecture diagram to show you the system that I want to evolve to.

DATA PREP
this happens outside of the mlops lifecycle - but for the accelerator the data is given

ADMINISTRATION AND SETUP
service credentials: dev and prod (serivce registry and give credentials)
fork templates and mlops v2 repo and create blank sparse
add mlroot directory, clone locally mlops v2 repo and create sparse folder locally
in mlops v2 local, modify sparse checkout file header to configure choices (terraform/bicep, classical/cv, etc...)
authentication for terraform (ssh - create local key at beginning (ssh-geyge -t ed25519 -C "change to my email")
add ssh key to ssh agent ("eval '$(ssh-agent-s)') and ("ssh-add ~/.xxh/id_ed25519")
add GPG key to github - "cat ~/.ssh/ide_ed25519.pub  --> output example: ssh-ed25519... add that to new SSH keys
run python shell script (sparse checkout) - this bootstraps the new project folder that contains the mlops folders that provides the complete platform
then move to azure devops
project settings, service connection - create two one for dev and one for prod for the service principles (the secrets and tenant id from azure portal - first step - and add them here)
create a 3rd service connection: create github token for the azure devops to github token (create token in github and set in azure devops) token permissiont (repo, adminrepo_hook, add users)
create devops pipeline :yaml file - /infrastructure/pipelines/... (runs lint, preflight validation, deploy AML workshopt)
config-infra-dev.yml for dev and prod - make sure that postfix value is unique (4 digits), then run pipeline noted above
this creates the workspaces with the compu cluster (codes that define workspace setup are in /infrastructure/modules/)

MODEL DEVELOPMENT (uses the dev resource group)
add the training pipeline in azure devops or github actions (deploy model training pipeline) (Github: deploy-model-trainin-pipeline-classical.yml in .github/workflows/  - this can use the service principles that we created in azure, it can be a contributor to that subscription and also is uses to give access in Github) (clientID, clientsecret, etc...) add as sectrets - action - AZURE_CREENTIALS - paste the details from the service providers
3 actions should be in github: deploy-batch-endpoint-pipeline, deploy-model-training-pipeline, deploy-online-endpoint-pipeline. running model training,  (/mlops/azureml/train/pipelin.yml is what is actually run (runs through full training pipeline) - these are custom to each project, but the example is in the forked repo - an important point is that it also includes responsible ai toolkits as the last step - training pipeline creates and environment, such as conda (train-env.yml) (this ends up hbeing create as jobs in azure workspace. score.py tells how to score the results when live inference.

LIFECYCLE MANGEMENT
??? missing in the example that i was looking at from 2022


MODEL DEPLOYMENT
set up as batch prediction or real time inference - set them up as endpoints - that is the deploy-batch-endpoint-pipeline in github. batch-deployment.yml in github is the configuration for the project deployment. can verify in azure prod endpoints.

MONITORING
?? missing in the example that i was looking at from 2022

what is missing - model lifecycle management - from training, determining challenger and champion, which gets depoyed. also, monitory is very important but not talked about here

cli and v2 accelerator are evolving, so this might be slightly different , so we can talk about that




